cart. Say it quietly.
Look and talk again. Don't live long.
A minor illness.
Jingyi exploded. What they said is right.
Just blow up cars, blow up cars, blow up cars, blow up cars. Do you deserve it?
Brother, don’t say anything.
I'll park the car for you now. Explode several cars at once,
I fried it in one plate. I can't survive.
Yes, easy to say. What's the difficulty?
Just say it. You especially shut up.
Don't let me blow up the car now. good,
Let's shut up. Blow up the car first.
My brain is that all three of my family are in the car.
Can you let us go down together?
Watch the nonsense they give me and get on the bus
A family of three
Even if we die together, we will die together
Make a car again
I'll kill the car
I ruined my belief in you before
It turns out you just have nice breasts
Get off the bus, get off the bus